Of course, you can watch whatever you want.
Hey Mr. Lin
I just bought a sexy dress.
Wear it when you want to live stream
Help people see if it's suitable
The coffee machine in Lin's tea room is broken.
Can you help me check it out?
oh
What are you doing around him?
None of them work?
Sister Fei'er, what about you?
You don't have to go to work anymore?
Didn't President Lin just take office?
I'll take him around
In this case
No one has to work today.
I paid out of my own pocket
Please go to Aotekabin for one-stop service
Ultracapan
I heard that it costs 100,000 that night.
The value of Ultracapin is more than that.
Besides the golf course
There are also high-end entertainment venues such as swimming pools.
There is also the only Michelin restaurant in the province.
Then let's choose that place for our first team building.
Mr. Lin is mighty
Lin is domineering
Hahaha
Woohoo hahaha
Mr. Lin, do you want to come down and play with us?
Mr. Lin, come play with us.
I'll be fine right here.